Here in France I can mainly see four GOALS:
1- Rolling in a university
2- Getting scary good at programming
3- Learning a new language
4- Enjoying to the most my experience



Now the question becomes why?
If I don't have a why I will never achieve crazy consistency. Whiteout commitment you'll never start but without CONSISTENCY you'll never finish.


WHY?
	- Enrolling in a university
	- Getting scary good at programming
Become a hyper intellectual person ix key to being hyper successful.
	- Learning a new language
Not only desired but necessary in order to have a great stay in France and successfully finishing high-school.
	- Enjoying to the most my stay in France
I want to remember this experience for the rest of my life.




Clearly defining these goals is key to succeeding.


PRECISE GOALS:
1 - Learning the four faculties of the French language: write, read, speak, listen.
2 - Getting along with my host family
3 - Getting a great friend group with whom I have a great time
4 - Finding a way to successfully accomplishing my goals here in France and being able to see my progress in all of my personal interests
5 - Learning how to write and understand clean and professional software to create astonishing web applications of any kind.
6 - Educating myself on how and where I am going to enroll in university and executing






Now let's turn these goals into a plan.


DEFINED STEPS:
1 - Get French friends and/or girlfriend.
(If I can involve myself in social activities I can absorbe the language much faster and have a better stay in France therefore successfully accomplishing two goals at the same time.)
2 - Reading at least 30 minutes a day 
(Being able to read french efficiently)
3 - Keeping track of my French vocabulary
(Improves the four faculties of french)
4 - Succeeding academically in school
(Necessary in order to enroll in a great university. Furthermore, improves the four faculties of the French language)
5 - Being polite and helpful to my host family
(Will improve my experience with the host family and furthermore, it will allow them to have more trust in me allowing me more freedom. Furthermore it will improve my verbal competence in French)
6 - Scheduling a meeting with a group of professional advisors on university enrollment and EXECUTING
7 - Dedicating 30 minutes a day to focused software development.
8 - Setting DAILY goals and accomplishing them one by one.







Now it comes down to priorities and organizing myself to successfully accomplish these steps.



PRIORITIES:
1- Setting DAILY goals and accomplishing them one by one.
2- Get French friends and/or girlfriend.
3- Dedicating 30 minutes a day to focused software development.
4- Being polite and helpful to my host family.
5- Scheduling a meeting with a group of professional advisors on university enrollment and EXECUTING
6- Succeeding academically in school
7- Reading at least 30 minutes a day 
8- Keeping track of my French vocabulary
 
