I don't know what to say. 
The "normalness" of my life is consuming me. I wake up and I try to keep me eyes on the next hour. I constantly watch my clock and I am relieved to see that one more hour has passed by because that means that this experience is one hour closer to ending. I hope that time flies by so that I can go to sleep again. I wake up and I repeat it all over again.
I am not living, I am simply existing. I blame my mediocre experience on the conditions that the world has set out for me, however, I know that it is my fault.
I constantly dream and fantasize about the day that I arrive to Mexico, how it will all be perfect. I imagine me arriving, glad to leave France and glad to see my parents, family and friends again. I imagine it to be so perfect. 



Me arriving on a late night. The weather being incredibly cozy and warm. The sky: black and mysterious. Stepping out of the car, looking at my surroundings and realizing that I am where I belong. Having achieved all of my goals, the only responsibility left to bear will be the one that I choose willingly. My skin being perfect; clear and white. My face, slim and dominant. Each step that I take creates noise, a noise that hints to a dominant creature. My posture and aura being perfect.



As I am picturing that perfect and mysterious moment, I wonder, what if I willingly choose to live everyday here in France that way. Building myself for that perfect day; the day in which I return to Mexico. 

It has been a long time since I have articulated my thoughts. It's irrelevant whether I articulate them or not. What's relevant is the fact that I haven't formed any thoughts, at least any important ones over this long period of time. Maybe I should force myself to articulate my thoughts everyday in this journal so that I can be conscious of my surroundings, and form articulate ideas on what I should do. 


Either:
- I continue to live as I am living now, staring at the clock thanking god that another hour has passed by:
Pros: 0
Cons: Kill urself
Conclusion: Worst possibility
¡¡¡¡¡- I live everyday knowing that I have one day less in France and I try to build myself up for that perfect moment
Pros; Not idealistic, realistic. It would give me something to look up to. It would give me a direction and a purpose. A responsibility to bear, one that I have chosen.
Cons; No cons
Conclusion; best option.
- I accept this year and the present as the perfect moment.
Pros; I would enjoy the present as a perfect moment.
Cons; I don't think it's achievable.
Conclusion; Idealistic, not fulfillable.









36 weeks 
28 weeks
1111 1111 ° 1111 1111 ° 1111 1111 1111 1111 1111


