Friday 9 sep.
It has been a rough week this one. 
This is my first full week in the internship and well I have tried to execute numerous plans in order to successfully change schools and remain with my host family, however, none of them have been successful, none the less, it has not been because of a poor execution, rather it has been because of complications with Nacel and the legal ties that I have made with them. 

It seems as if the characteristics of my stay here in France are permanent: 
Remain at the internship during the week and stay with the host family during the weekends. 

The only way that I can see around it is removing Nacel as a legal tie from within the school such that the internship no longer requires their permission for me to stay with my host family full time. 
However, it is highly unlikely that I will succeed since Nacel made the application, payment, etc. 


In other words, my conditions here in France are most likely there to stay.

I have spoken with my family and my mother proposed that I try the exchange program for a couple more weeks and if I fail to adapt, she suggested that I come back home to Mexico.

All though it is an appealing offer, I refuse to give up. 
However, when does going back to Mexico go from quitting to simply making a smart decision.
And the answer is when I can no longer gain more from my stay here in France than I could in Mexico.


I refuse to give up, and as of now, returning to Mexico very well seems like giving up.


Now that I have established that I will not return to Mexico as of now, the question now becomes, how do I navigate the situation in which I am in in order to obtain the most out of it?


And that my friend, is the big question of the day.

Gaining the most out of the situation that I am in = Accomplishing my goals
Now that I have seen what would be plausible here in France, it is best if I redefine the goals that I originally set.

- Learn French
- Academic success
- Software Development
- Enrolling in a good university 


